Add note about GEDZIP compression (#659)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-4-gedzip.md

- Files within an archive can be added, removed, or updated individually without needing to re-process the rest of the archive. Libraries such as [libzip](https://libzip.org) allow applications to operate directly on the zip archive as if it were a normal directory tree.
- What the zip specification calls a "file name" is actually a local path and may contain directories.
- Directory separators are `/` internally and are converted to the appropriate form by the zip processing tool during zipping and unzipping. Because of this, unzipping a GEDZIP in any local directory results in all GEDZIP file paths working as-is for the resulting `gedcom.ged` without the need for any additional processing.

> - Zip allows varying levels of compression and can compress different files differently. Adding zip compression to an already-compressed file (such as most image and video files) tends to be slow and to not shrink the file. Applications may find performance improved by not applying compression at all or by applying compression only to the text files (including `gedcom.ged`) within the GEDZIP archive.

Author: ```suggestion
- The zip specification supports multiple levels of compression, which can be applied independently to individual files in the archive. Adding compression to an already-compressed file (such as most image and video files) tends to be slow and to not shrink the file. Applications may find performance improved by not applying compression at all or by applying compression only to the text files (including `gedcom.ged`) within the GEDZIP archive.
```
